I. My beloved daughter, KATHY SICO, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
II. My beloved daughter, JOELLEN EXETER, shall receive twenty (20%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
III. My beloved daughter, AILEEN EXETER, shall receive twenty (20%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
IV. My beloved grandson, JASON SICO, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
V. My beloved grandson, CHRISTOPHER SICO, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
VI. My beloved granddaughter, KASSIE EXETER, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
VII. My beloved granddaughter, KATHIE EXETER, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate;
VIII. My beloved grandson, PABLO EXETER, shall receive ten (10%) percent of the remaining assets of my estate. In the event that my beloved grandson, PABLO EXETER, has not attained the age of eighteen (18) years at the time of my decease, I direct that my daughter, JOELLEN EXETER be appointed trustee for PABLO EXETER. Said trustee shall have the power and authority to use the principal as well as the income of my estate to provide for PABLO EXETER's support and education. Any remainder of the principal or income of my estate shall be distributed to PABLO EXETER when he has attained the age of eighteen (18) years, as his sole and absolute property.
d). I specifically omit ALLEN J. EXETER from this my Last Will and Testament as I do not desire that he receive any assets from my estate.
IV. I appoint my beloved daughter, AILEEN EXETER, to be Executrix of this my Last Will and Testament. In the event that my beloved daughter, AILEEN EXETER, predeceases me or fails to qualify as Executrix, in the alternative, I appoint my beloved grandson, JASON SICO, as Executor.
I direct that my attorney, Dominick P. Pannunzio, ESQ., of Dupont, Pennsylvania, be appointed as attorney for my Executrix.
V. I direct that no bond or security be required of my Executrix.
VI. If any beneficiary under this Will, or any other person, in any manner, directly or indirectly, contests or attacks this Will or any of its provisions, any share or interest in my estate given to the contesting beneficiary