LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT OF GILLARD I. EVANS
I, GILLARD I. EVANS, now residing in Clifton Township, County of Lackawanna, Pennsylvania, being of sound mind and memory do hereby make, publish and declare this to be my Last Will and Testament, hereby revoking any and all Wills, Codicils, or any other writing in the nature thereof, made by me heretofore.
ARTICLE ONE: I direct that all my just debts and funeral expenses be paid by the Executrix, hereinafter appointed, as soon as convenient in the administration of my estate. I further direct that my funeral be conducted in a modest manner in keeping with my Estate and position in life. I further direct that in the event I have not provided for same in my lifetime, that any fiduciary hereinafter named, purchase a suitable gravestone and monument to be placed upon my grave, the cost of same shall be paid as an expense of the administration of my estate.
ARTICLE TWO : I direct that all estate, inheritance, legacy, transfer, succession and other death taxes which may be payable in respect to any property includable as part of my estate, whether or not passing under this Will, or to which any transfer hereunder may be subject, of whatever nature and by whatever jurisdiction such taxes may be imposed, shall be paid from my general estate as part of the expense of administration of my estate.
ARTICLE THREE: I give, devise and bequeath the Rest, Residue and Remainder of my Estate be it real, personal and/or mixed, of whatever nature and wheresoever situate, which I own or have the right to dispose of at the time of my death to my daughter, SANDRA LYNN EVANS, per stirpes.
ARTICLE FOUR: I direct that no bond or other security shall be required by my Executrix, or any fiduciary hereunder, as the case may be, for the faithful performance of her duty as fiduciary hereunder in any state or jurisdiction.
ARTICLE FIVE: I hereby nominate, constitute and appoint my daughter, SANDRA LYNN EVANS, as Executrix of this my Last Will and Testament. In the event that my daughter, SANDRA LYNN EVANS, shall predecease me, or be unable for any reason whatsoever to serve as said Executrix, I hereby nominate, constitute and appoint GRETCHEN VANVELTZER, as said Executrix of this my Last Will and Testament.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I, GILLARD I. EVANS, the above-named Testator have to this my Last Will and Testament, set my hand and seal this 21st day of January, 2003.