LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT

ANN FALAT’

1, ANN FALAT, of the City of Scranton, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, declare this
to be my last Will and revoke any Will previously made by me.

ITEM I: I direct that all my just debts and funeral expenses and all expenses of my last
illness, shall be paid from my residuary estate as soon as practicable after my decease as a part of
the expense of the administration of my estate.

ITEM II: I devise and bequeath all of my Estate of every nature and wherever situate to
my sister, Alice Kurylo, and my sister, Catherine Demkowicz. Should either my sister,
- Alice Kurylo, or my sister, Catherine Demkowicz, predecease me, her share shall be added to the
share for my other sister. Should both my sister, Alice Kurylo, and my sister,
Catherine Demkowicz, predecease me, I devise and bequeath all of my Estate of every nature ata
. Wherever situate as follows:

_A. one-third thereof to my sister-in-law, Pauline Martini.
B. one-third thereof to my niece, Joan Thomson. :
C. on-third thereof to niece, Catherine Chiaporelli.

ITEM HI: I direct that.ail taxes that may be assessed in consequence of my death, of
whatever nature arid by whatever jurisdiction imposed, shall be paid from my residuary estate as a
part of the expense of the administration of my estate.

ITEM IV: I appoint my sister, Alice Kurylo, Executrix of this my Last Will. Should my
sister, Alice Kurylo, fail to qualify or cease to act as Executrix, I appoint my sister,
Catherine Demkowicz, Executrix of this my Last Will.

ITEM VII: I direct that my Bxecutri or her Zacdessi(G) shail not be required to give
bond for the faithful performance of their duties in any jurisdiction.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 3rd_ day of July,

The 'preceding instrument, consisting of this and one other typewritten page identified by
the sigriature:of the testatrix, ANN FALAT, was on the day and date thereof signed, published
and declared by ANN FALAT, the testatrix therein named, as and for her last Will, in the
Presence of us, who, at her request, in her presence and in the presence of each other have
ut our names as witnesses hereto.

ANN FALAT

Hamlin, PA. 18444

. \
Bugiallz Moscow, PA. 18444

wHO693 MEST

