Last Wil and Cestament

OF
HAYDEN L. EVANS

BE IT REMEMBERED THAT I, HAYDEN L. EVANS, of the Borough of Moosic, County of
Lackawanna and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania being of sound mind, memory and understanding, do
hereby make, publish and declare this Instrument as and for my Last Will and Testament, hereby
revoking and making void any and all former Wills by me at any time heretofore made; and

FIRST: | hereby direct my personal representative hereinafter named to pay all my just debts. not
otherwise barred, and funeral expenses as soon as conveniently may be after my decease.

SECOND: All estate, inheritance and succession taxes and other taxes in the nature thereof
imposed or payable by reason of my death, together with any interest or penalties thereon, whether on
property passing under this Will including, but not limited to, joint bank accounts or otherwise, shall be
paid out of the principal of my residuary estate as if same were an administration expense, without
apportionment or right of reimbursement. All legacies, devises and other gifts of principal and income
made by this Will or by an codicil hereto, shall be free and clear thereof.

THIRD: | hereby give and bequeath all the furniture and furnishings and other items of personal
property situate at my residence at 408 Brook Street, Moosic, Pennsylvania, to my son, Richard Evans, if
he survives me. If my son Richard does not survive me, then in that event, this bequest intended for
Richard shall pass to his children and stepchildren who survive me. Currently Richard has two children,
namely Melissa Evans and Stephanie Evans and one stepson, namely Jeffrey Endler.

FOURTH: All the rest, remainder and residue of my estate and property, real, personal or mixed
of whatsoever nature and kind and wheresoever situate, including any property over which | may have a
power of appointment, | hereby give, devise and bequeath as follows:

A) Twenty-five percent (25%) to my daughter Gloria Smith if she survives me. If my daughter
Gloria Smith does not survive me, then | give. devise and bequeath said twenty-five
percent to those of Gloria’s children who survive me. Currently, Gloria has one child,
namely Robert Smith.

B) Twenty-five percent (25%) to my daughter Beverly Lukowicz if she survives me. If my
daughter Beverly does not survive me, then | give, devise and bequeath said twenty-five
percent to those of Beverly’s children who survive me. Currently, Beverly has one child,
namely Debbie Lake.

C) Twenty-five percent (25%) to my son William Evans if he survives me. If my son William
does not survive me, then I give, devise and bequeath said twenty-five percent to those of
William's children who survive me. Currently, William has two children, namely Leslie
Miles and Kara Lee Evans.

D) Twenty-five percent (25%) to my son Richard Evans if he survives me. If my son Richard
‘does not survive me, then I give, devise and bequeath said twenty-five percent to those of
Richard’s children and stepchildren who survive me. Currently, Richard has three
children, namely Richard Evans, Melissa Evans and Stephanie Evans and one stepson,

namely Jeffrey Endler.

FIFTH: And | do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint my son RICHARD EVANS as the
Executor of this my Last Will and Testament. Further, | direct that my personal representative shall
serve as such without the necessity of posting any hand er security whatsoever.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I, HAYDEN L. EVANS, Testator herein, do sign my name and affix my

seal this 7 day of dag, , 1998,

el (seal)
HAYD L. EVAN

SIGNED, SEALED, PUBLISHED AND DECLARED, that the above-named Testator, HAYDEN L.
EVANS, as and for his Last Will and Testament in the presence of us who have reunto subscribed our

hands as itnesses at her request, in her presence and in the presence of other.
z= =
ik on
° B ck
& ~N ees
# SHO ISI rac: 1240
2] —_—
~— ae
re
oc =} =
Loos] oO

