LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT
OF
GILLARD I. EVANS

1, GILLARD |. EVANS, now residing in Clifton Township, County of
Lackawanna, Pennsylvania, being of sound mind and memory do hereby make, publish
and declare this to be my Last Will and Testament, hereby revoking any and all Wills,
Codicils, or any other writing in the nature thereof, made by me heretofore.

ARTICLE ONE: | direct that all my just debts and funeral expenses be paid
by the Executrix, hereinafter appointed, as soon as convenient in the administration of my
estate. | further direct that my funeral be conducted in a modest manner in keeping with
my Estate and position in life. | further direct that in the event | have not provided for same
in my lifetime, that any fiduciary hereinafter named, purchase a suitable gravestone and
monument to be placed upon my grave, the cost of same shall be paid as an expense of
the administration of my estate. ‘

ARTICLE TWO : | direct that all estate, inheritance, legacy, transfer,
succession and other death taxes which may be payable in respect to any property
includable as part of my estate, whether or not passing under this Will, or to which any
transfer hereunder may be subject, of whatever nature and by whatever jurisdiction such
taxes may be imposed, shall be paid from my general estate as part of the expense of .
_ administration of my estate.

ARTICLE THREE: | give, devise and bequeath the Rest, Residue and
Remainder of my Estate be it real, personal and/or mixed, of whatever nature and
wheresoever situate, which | own or have the right to dispose of at the time of my death
to my daughter, SANDRA LYNN EVANS, per stirpes. :

ARTICLE FOUR: | direct that no bond or other security shall be required by
my Executrix, or any fiduciary hereunder, as the case may be, for the faithful performance
of her duty as fiduciary hereunder in any state or jurisdiction.

_ ARTICLE FIVE: | hereby nominate, constitute and appoint my daughter,
SANDRA LYNN EVANS, as Execuirix of this my Last Will and Testament. In the event
that my daughter, SANDRA LYNN EVANS, shall predecease me, or be unable for any
reason whatsoever to serve as said Executrix, | hereby nominate, constitute and appoint
GRETCHEN VANVELTZER, as said Executrix of this my Last Will and Testament.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, |, GILLARD I. EVANS, the above-named Testator have
to this my Last Will and Testament, set my hand and seal this 21st day of January, 2003.

* (SAep BEAL)

“*GILLARD |. EVANS

HOGKO 6 6 0 PAGEL 6 & 7:
